The Registered User must be able to create the new auction.
Registered users must be able to have a login area.
Non-registered Users must be able to have a registry area.
Users must be able to view the auctions.
Users must be able to view auctions in particular categories.
Users must be able to search for auctions.
Registered Users must be able to rate and comment the auctioneer and his product, when the product has been delivered.
Registered Users must be able to place bids.
Registered User must be able to buy item due "Buy it now".
Registered Users must be able to contact auctions owners.
The System must be able to display few related auctions according to the one currently displayed to the User.
The System must be able to include simple feedback system in order to allow Users to send emails to Administrator or Moderators.
Registered User must be able to view profile of other Users.
Users must be able to display details of particular auction.
Registered User must be able to edit his auctions.
Moderator must be able to manage Users accounts.
Moderator must be able to suspend Users accounts.
Moderator must be able to delete Users accounts.
Moderators must be able to delete auctions.
The Registered User must be able to manage his auctions.
The Registered User must be able to set notification details for his auctions.
The Registered User must be able to delete his auctions.
The Registered User must be able to add an auction to his account.
Registered User must be able to add other Users to "Favourite Users".
Moderator must be able to remove bids from auction.
Business Manager must be able to generate predefined statistic reports.
Administrator must be able to manage categories.
Administrator must be able to place auction on title page.
Administrator must be able to manage user's and moderator's accounts.
Administrator must be able to add user's and moderator's accounts.
Administrator must be able to delete user's and moderator's accounts.
The user must be able to be notified if he has been over bid.
Administrator must be able to manage banners for various purposes. 
The Registered user must be able to have a range of maximum amount for each bid.
The system must be able to provide the list of users bidding a current auction with the list of their bids.
Users must be able to view the FAQ section.
