The user must be able to login to the system.
The user must be able to register to the system.
The user must be able to logout from the system.
The system must be able to authenticate the user upon login.
The user must be able to edit his personal data.
The user must be able to select a player.
The user must be able to edit a player.
The user must be able to buy equipment for his player.
The system must be able to provide a map of the terrain in order for the user to be able to navigate.
The user must be able to chat with other players.
The user must be able to control his player.
The user must be able to monitor his player.
The user must be able to join a group.
The system must be able to promote a user to group leader.
The group leader must be able to ban a user.
The user must be able to pause, save and exit.
The system must be able to provide a history of facts to the user.
The system must be able to provide stats to the user.
The system must be able to provide indicators on the health, hunger, tireness, need for sleep of the player. 
The user must be able to delete his account.
The user must be able to exchange equipment and money with other users.
Ths user must be able to categorize other users as friends or enemies.
The user must be able to buy and sell buildings for his player.
The user must be able to buy and sell goods for his player.
The user must be able to exchange his player with another user.
The user must be able to free his player.
The user must be able to inherit another player, if his player dies.
The system must be able to define war zones.
The user must be able to call another user to combat.
The user must be able to train on new weapons.
The user must be able to retrieve his password through email.
The system administrator must be able to record game data, keep statistics, backup data.
The system administrator must be able to control the correct functioning of the players.
The system administrator must be able to punish or ban user, if they violate game rules.
The user must be able to follow his group rules.
