The user must be able to identify a song on the network.
The user must be able to search an Artist on the network.
The user must be able to use the camera to identify an album.
The user must be able to swipe to different tabs.
The user must be able to view the new Shazam Charts.
The user must be able to view his song library.
The user must be able to enable AutoShazam song search.
The user must be able to disable AutoShazam song search.
The user must be able to view his Shazams history.
The user must be able to view his Shazam history songs sorted by Date.
The user must be able to view his Shazam history songs sorted by Album Artist.
The user must be able to listen to his Shazam history song individually.
The user must be able to listen to his Shazam history song individually sorted by Album Artist.
The user must be able to listen all his Shazam history songs in order.
The user must be able to share his Shazam history song.
The user must be able to share his Shazam history song sorted by Album Artist.
The user must be able to delete his Shazam history song.
The user must be able to delete his Shazam history song sorted by Album Artist.
The user must be able to download his Shazam history song from the Apple Music Store.
The user must be able to view Similar Songs based in his Shazam history song.
The user must be able to view Similar Songs based in his Shazam history song Album Artist.
The user must be able to download Similar Songs based in his Shazam history song.
The user must be able to download Similar Songs based in his Shazam history song Album Artist.
The user must be able to check the new Shazam updates.
The user must be able to change the appearance of Shazam.
The user must be able to use Shazam when using other applications.
The user must be able to enable the Shazams vibrations once shazaming finishes.
The user must be able to disable the video preview of a song when using mobile data.
The user must be able to store in Shazams memory a song without an internet connection for future identification.
The user must be able to use Shazams identifier for a song he stored when was without internet connection.
The user must be able to create a downloading list using song from the library.
The user must be able to create a downloading list using songs from the library sorted by Album Artist
The user must be able to view his song downloading list.
The user must be able to update the downloading list using songs from the library.
The user must be able to update the downloading list using songs from the library sorted by Album Artist.
The user must be able to delete a song from his downloading list.
The user must be able to delete a song from his downloading list sorted by Album Artist.
