The user must be able to enter his current blood glucose level.
The user must be able to enter the amount of carbohydrates he is about to eat.
The user must be able to enter if they are ill and how much on a scale of 1 to 10.
The user must be able to enter the exercise he is about to do.
The user must be able to log his alcohol consumption.
The user must be able to log his caffeine consumption.
A female user must be able to log her menstruation.
The software must be able to keep a history of all users inputs.
The software must be able to calculate the impact proteins and fats have on the blood glucose. 
The software must be able to calculate the amount of bolus insulin the user has to inject during a meal. 
The software must be able to calculate the amount of bolus insulin the user has to inject during a meal based on illness, exercise and more. 
The software must be able to calculate the carbohydrates to insulin ratio.
The software must be able to calculate the carb sensitivity. 
The software must be able to calculate the insulin sensitivity. 
The software must be able to calculate different carbohydrates to insulin ratios and insulin sensitivities for different times in the day.
The software must be able to calculate the amount of basal insulin based on the morning's blood glucose.
The software must be able to calculate the amount of basal insulin based on other factors like illness, exercise, mood, inflammation, food choices, hormonal instabilities. 
The software must be able to calculate the carbohydrates per km ratio in each type of exercise that the user does as well as the intensity on each ratio.
The software must be able to calculate the amount of carbohydrates the user has to consume in the case of exercising.
The software must be able to calculate the amount of carbohydrates the user has to consume in the case of hypoglycemia. 
The software must be able to calculate the amount of carbohydrates the user has to consume in the case of alcohol consumption. 
The software must be able to calculate the impact caffeine has to insulin sensitivity.
The software must be able to adjust all insulin ratios based on the logged menstruation, in the case of a female user . 
The software must be able to calculate the amount of carbohydrates the user has to eat before he gets to bed. 
The software must be able to predict blood glucose trend.
The software must be able to calculate the amount of carbohydrates the user has to eat between meals.
The software must be able to alert the user 2 hours after the meal in order to log a blood glucose.
The software must be able to alert the user to check his blood glucose when exercising.
The software must be able to alert the user to check his morning blood glucose.
The software must be able to alert the user to change his CGM transmitter site.
The software must be able to alert the user to change his insulin pump site.
