The user must be a able to secure login to the system with a quick login pin.
The user must be able to create an account.
The user must be able to secure login to the system with his username and password.
The user must be able to reset his password.
The user must be able to reset his quick login pin.
The user must be able to see all previous transactions.
The user must be able to see recent transactions.
The user must be able to see the available balance.
The user must be able to see how much money he spent this month.
The user must be able to make a transaction.
The user must be able to navigate possible transactions.
The user must be able to choose a transaction.
The user must be able to pay bill.
The user must be able to deposit money to his cards.
The user must be able to deposit money to other accounts.
The user must be able to place an instant cash order.
The user must be able to see notifications.
The user must be able to search for older transactions.
The user must be able to see all his cards.
The user must be able to notify the system if he lost his card.
The system must be able to send notifications.
The user must be able to see categories of his expenses.
The user must be able to see the locations of bank branches and ATM's.
The system must be able to receive the location of the user.
The administrator must be able to validate user's account information.
The administrator must be able to change user's account information.
The administrator must be able to block a card.
The administrator must be able to delete a card.
The system must be able to block a card.
The adminstrator must be able to unblock a card.
The adminstrator must be able to register a new user account.
The administrator must be able to see a user's transactions.
The user must be able to deposit money to other cards.
The user must be able to notify the system if he forgot his quick login pin.
The user must be a able to confirm a transaction with his quick login pin.
The user must be able to see categories of bills.
The user must be able to choose a category of bill.
The user must be able to see all the providers in a category of a bill.
The user must be able to choose a providers in a category of a bill.
The user must be able submit a code for a bill payment.
The system must be able to send one time passwords to users through SMS.
The user must be able to submit an one time password when he make an instant cash order.
