The user must be able to create a YouTube account.
The user must be able to login to the system.
The user must be able to navigate available videos.
The user must be able to submit a review.
The user must be able to like a video.
The user must be able to dislike a video.
The user must be able to read video reviews.
The user must be able to see likes in videos.
The user must be able to see dislikes in videos.
The user must be able to search for a video.
The user must be able to see previous searches.
The user must be able to navigate in other accounts.
The system must be able to provide recommendations to the user.
The system must be able to show advertisements.
The system must be able to provide video trends.
The user must be able to subscribe in other accounts.
The user must be able to take notifications when an account upload a video.
The user must be able to see views in a video.
The up-loader must be able to upload a video.
The up-loader must be able to provide information about the upload video.
The up-loader must be able to deny users to make comments.
The up-loader must be able to see statistical information about the upload video.
The user must be able to comment a video.
The administrator must be able to delete a user.
The administrator must be able to delete a video.
The administrator must be able to forbid in underage users to watch a video.
The administrator must be able to remove a video when the up-loader does not own the copyrights.
The user must be able to adjust the volume in a video.
The user must be able to adjust the video quality.
The user must be able to adjust the video dimensions.
The user must be able to pause a video.
The user must be able to restart a video.
The up-loader must be able to see the subscribers.
The user must be able to adjust the playback speed.
The system must be able to create a new administrator.
The system must be able to delete an administrator.
The user must be able to update a comment.
The user must be able to delete a comment.