the user must be able to create an account.
the user must be able to navigate through music tracks.
the user must be able to create own playlists.
the user must be able to add tracks in playlists.
the user must be able to follow other users' playlists.
the user must be able to rearrange own playlists.
the user must be able to delete tracks from own playlists.
the user must be able to delete tracks from own favorites.
the artist must be able to create a profile.
the administrator must be able to verify the artist.
the artist must be able to upload own tracks.
the artist must be able to create own playlists.
the artist must be able to keep track of own account's popularity.
the podcaster must be able to have a validated account.
the podcaster must be able to upload older podcast-episodes.
the podcaster must be able to keep track of own account's traffic.
the podcaster must be able to create theme-based playlists of own podcasts.
the podcaster must be able to rearrange own playlists.
the podcaster must be able to delete own podcast-episodes.
the administrator must be able to validate users' accounts.
the administrator must be able to delete accounts that do not comply with the rules.
the administrator must be able to have access to users' data.
the administrator must be able to create starter playlists.
the administrator must be able to rearrange starter playlists.
the administrator must be able to delete starter playlists.
the administrator must be able to contact users.
the administrator must be able to keep track of acounts' traffic.
the administrator must be able to categorize different music genres.
the administrator must be able to rearrange suggested playlists.
The user must be able to handle own history as another playlist.
the free user must be able to watch the whole advertisement.
the premium user must be able to have access to the whole content, ad-free.
the user must be able to cancel own's premium membership.
the user must be able to view the homepage.
the administrator must be able to keep the homepage up-to-date.
the user must be able to navigate through the homepage's sections.
the user must be able to add content from homepage to own's playlists.