All the users must be able to have access to the system with username and password.
The system must be able to provide the functionality to manage users (CRUD).
The machine operator must be able to see the list of his work orders.
The machine operator must be able to update the status of his work orders (eg finished).
The machine operator must be able to view which work orders have been updated.
The machine operator must be able to be advised when there is a change in his work orders.
The system must be able to provide a work order pool where the machine operators must be able to select a work order to complete.
The system must be able to provide the functionality to manage work orders (CRUD).
The system must be able to provide templates for the creation of work orders.
The system must be able to provide the possibility to book a spare part from a warehouse.
The machine operator must be able to view the list of his bookings.
The system must be able to provide the searching functionality for spare parts.
The system must be able to provide the functionality to manage spare parts (CRUD).
The system must be able to provide the functionality to manage the tunnels in the mine (CRUD).
The system must be able to provide the functionality to manage the hotspots (eg warehouse, vehicle, user) in the mine (CRUD).
The system must be able to provide the functionality to view the map of the mine.
The system must be able to provide the functionality to view the hotspots on one floor of the mine.
The system must be able to calculate and show the shortest path from the user current position to the selected destination (eg warehouse).
The system must be able to provide private access to all the users
The system must be able to provide the booking functionality for the machine operators.
The system must be able to provide the view of the shortest and safest route from location a to location b (eg mine exit, warehouse. working position).
The system must be able to provide the functionalities to view the work orders for the machine operator.
The system must be able to provide the functionalities for the production supervisor to create, edit and delete work orders .
The system must be able to provide the functionalities to View the state of all work orders.
The system must be able to provide the functionalities to create, edit and delete spare parts in inventory.
The system must be able to provide the functionalities to add, update and delete user accounts.
